SITE: https://www.angelfire.lycos.com/

You are part of the testing team that joined early in the project, two months before product release. 
You are junior testers and this is your first testing project. 

Part I: 
The project manager wants you to perform specification-based testing. 
The product specifications are explicit and implicit as well. 
Use two types of implicit specifications. 

Specification based testing:

EXPLICIT SPECIFICATIONS:
1. The user must be able to register and login.
	1.1. "Register" button should create an account and login the user.
	1.2. "Login" button should redirect the user to the login page.
2. Product should offer templates to design a website.
	2.1. The user should be able to choose a template.
	2.2. The user should be able to edit the template.
3. The user should be able to publish the website.
4. End product should allow the user to enroll and manage PayPal-related issues.

IMPLICIT SPECIFICATIONS:
1. The user should be able to access the website from any browser. (Mobile, Desktop)
2 "Website Builder" button should redirect the user to the website builder presentation page.
3. Design should be consistent throughout the website. (No matter the page)
4. Page loading time should be less than 5 seconds throughout the website.
5. Advertisement should be present on the website.
6. The website should be secure



Part II. Team-specific information objectives.
Check for hidden features and additional features that are not mentioned in the specifications.
Find as many as possible and test them.
Write a report on your findings and testing results.



Requirements-based Testing. 
1. Testing the intended purpose of the website.
2. Checking for additional features.
3. Testing the in-case additional features.
4. Checking the website's compatibility browsers and platforms.
5. Measuring the website's performance and time-complexity related issues. (loading time, page switching ...)
6. Enforcing the website's security. (Cookies, Local storage, credentials management ...)
7. Testing the website's usability. (User-friendly, easy to navigate, easy to understand ...)
8. Testing the website's reliability. (No crashes, no bugs, no errors ...)
